chore: update documentation given that an archival data node is now t… (#772)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/node-operators/get-started/setup-datanode.md

If your operating system supports the POSIX standard, you may want to use the `map` value both for the `dynamic_shared_memory_type` and `shared_memory_type`. But the `sysv` value is more portable than `map`. There is no significant difference in [performance ↗](https://lists.dragonflybsd.org/pipermail/kernel/attachments/20120913/317c1aab/attachment-0001.pdf).

## Preparing a home directory for the data node

An archival data node containing the entire chain history is expected to hold a lot of data. The data saved to disk will be both the underlying block-data for the chain, and all the event data emitted by the core node for every block. For this reason it is recommended to use a file-system with compression such as `ZFS`.

> The below steps will walk through how to create a `ZSF` volume on an external drive that can be used as a home directory for both a data node and a core node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below steps will walk through how to create a `ZFS` volume on an external drive that can be used as a home directory for both a data node and a core node.
```

### Prerequisites

> A CLI tool is needed to create and configure `ZSF` volumes. It can be installed using the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CLI tool is needed to create and configure `ZFS` volumes. It can be installed using the following:
```

```
apt-get update -y && apt-get install -y zfsutils-linux
```

A dedicated, external hard-drive is also needed that will store and compress all data written by the data node. Assuming this storage device is called `DEVICE_NAME` ensure that any exisiting data is removed from it:
```
wipefs --all -force /dev/DEVICE_NAME
```

### Creating the ZFS volume

With the `ZFS` utility installed and `DEVICE_NAME` clear and ready, an initial "pool" can be created and turned into a `ZFS` volume:
```
# will create a pool containing DEVICE_NAME
zpool create vega_pool /dev/DEVICE_NAME

# will show the status of the newly created pool
zpool status 

# creates the zfs

> zsf create vega_pool/home

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zfs create vega_pool/home
```

2. Initialise the data node config files

```
vega datanode init --home=$YOUR_DATANODE_HOME_PATH "vega-mainnet-0011"
```

> By default the data node will retain all historic data generated by the chain. This is the expected behaviour for public data nodes. Find out more about data retention see the section on [data node retention policies](#data-node-retention-profiles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the data node will retain all historic data generated by the chain. This is the expected behaviour for public data nodes. Find out more about data retention in the section on [data node retention policies](#data-node-retention-profiles).
```

2. Initialise the data node config files

```
vega datanode init --home=$YOUR_DATANODE_HOME_PATH "vega-mainnet-0011"
```

> By default the data node will retain all historic data generated by the chain. This is the expected behaviour for public data nodes. Find out more about data retention see the section on [data node retention policies](#data-node-retention-profiles).

Reviewer 2: I don't think it needs to be here 2x, this second instance can go unless you have a specific reason for repeating it :)

vega datanode start --home=$YOUR_DATANODE_HOME_PATH
```

:::warning This may take some time

> The data node will by default pull all the entire chain's history and is expected to take almost 24 hours. The `--networkhistory.initialise.block-count` option can be
> used to limit the amount of data pulled, but this is not recommended for the purposed of a public data node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data node will by default pull the entire chain's history and is expected to take almost 24 hours. The `--networkhistory.initialise.block-count` option can be used to limit the amount of data pulled, but this is not recommended for a public data node.
```

::: 

## Data node retention profiles
When initialising a data node, you can choose the data retention configuration for your data node, depending on the use case for the node. The retention policy details can all be fine-tuned manually, as well.

There are 3 retention policy configurations:

> * **Archive (default)**: The node retains all data and is the expected and only recommended retention profile for a public data node.
> * **Minimal**: The node retains only data about a network's current state. This can be useful for private data nodes who may want to only serve live data and stream changing states.
> * **Conservative**: The node does not retain all data and per-table rentention is set based on the expected table sizes. This can be useful for private data nodes who may want a customise their per-table data rentention based on their specific usecase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Archive (default)**: The node retains all data and is the expected, and only recommended, retention profile for a public data node.
* **Minimal**: The node retains only data about a network's current state. This can be useful for private data nodes that will serve live data and stream changing states.
* **Conservative**: The node does not retain all data and per-table rentention is set based on the expected table sizes. This can be useful for private data nodes that need customised per-table data rentention based on a specific usecase.
```
